small update to canary upgrade doc (#7924)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/upgrade/index.md

### Control plane

> To install a new revision called `canary` or the Istio version you would set the `revision` field as follows. If you use your Istio version, replace `.` in the version with `-` as `.` is not currently supported as a valid revision value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install a new revision called `canary`, you would set the `revision` field as follows:

<tip>
In a production environment, a better revision name would correspond to the Istio version.
However, you must replace `.` characters in the revision name, for example, `revision=1-6-8` for Istio `1.6.8`,
because `.` is not a valid revision name character.
</tip>
```

### Data plane

> Unlike Istiod, installing the new revision has in place upgraded all the Istio gateway pods and services, which are automatically configured to point to the 'istiod-canary' control plane.  To verify that the `istio-ingress` gateway pod are using the `istiod-canary` service corresponding to the `canary` revision, select one newly created `istio-ingress` pod and use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike Istiod, Istio gateways do not run revision-specific instances, but are instead in-place upgraded to use the new control plane revision.
You can verify that the `istio-ingress` gateway is using the `canary` revision by running the following command:
```

{{< text bash >}}

> $ istioctl proxy-config endpoints $(kubectl -n istio-system get  pod -l app=istio-ingressgateway -o jsonpath='{.items..metadata.name}').istio-system --cluster xds-grpc -ojson | grep hostname

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ istioctl proxy-config endpoints $(kubectl -n istio-system get pod -l app=istio-ingressgateway -o jsonpath='{.items..metadata.name}').istio-system --cluster xds-grpc -ojson | grep hostname
```

### Data plane

> Installing the new revision has in place upgraded the istio-ingress gateway pod and service, which are automatically configured to point to the 'istiod-canary' control plane.

Reviewer: Is this only the case for the istio-ingress gateway? What about egress gateways, or even other ingress-gateways that have been installed? I think this needs more explanation.

Reviewer: cc @howardjohn

Reviewer 2: All gateways are the same

Author: I only used istio-ingress gateway because that is the one enabled by default for default profile.  I'll update to include all gateways.

Author: reworded @frankbu PTAL and let me know

> {{< text bash >}}
> $ kubectl get pods -n istio-system -l app=istio-ingressgateway
> NAME                                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
> istio-ingressgateway-7bf8767888-9cchz   1/1     Running   0          8m30s
> {{< /text >}}
> 

Reviewer: What's the purpose of this command? It doesn't seem to show anything to indicate "in place upgrade" has or will happen.
```suggestion
```

Author: The purpose is to show it doesn't have a canary next to it, e.g. old one is removed and this new one is deployed.

Author: Let me know - happy to remove it if there is no need to show it.

Reviewer: Yes, I would suggest removing, but I think you need to add some text to explain this better. Something that explains that unlike istiod, gateways do not have revisions, but are updated to the latest revision, immediately when a new istiod revision is deployed. How does it know what is the latest revision tag to use?
